capital = 360
primary_culture = byelorussian
culture = lithuanian
culture = ukrainian
religion = catholic
government = hms_government
plurality = 0.6
nationalvalue = nv_tolerance
literacy = 0.50
civilized = yes
is_releasable_vassal = no

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = wealth_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = free_press
trade_unions = all_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = gerrymandering
immigration_policy = nobody_gets_out
conscription = mandatory_service
minorities = oppression

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = low_minimum_wage
work_hours = ten_hours
safety_regulations = low_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = trinket_pensions
pollution = no_controls
child_labor = child_labor_legal
education = elite
arts_endowment = no_endowment

ruling_party = LIT_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 25
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 15
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}